README.md, before:

# React Router Netlify Template

A modern, production-ready template for building full-stack React applications using React Router,
deployed to Netlify.

## Features

- 🚀 Server-side rendering
- ⚡️ Hot Module Replacement (HMR)
- 📦 Asset bundling and optimization
- 🔄 Data loading and mutations
- 🔒 TypeScript by default
- 🎉 TailwindCSS for styling
- 📖 [React Router docs](https://reactrouter.com/)
- 💻 Configured for deployment to Netlify

## Getting Started

### Installation

Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

Start the development server with HMR:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Your application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Building for Production

Create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
```

## Previewing a Production build

To preview a production build locally, use the [Netlify CLI](https://cli.netlify.com):

```bash
npx netlify-cli serve
```

```bash
npm run build
```

## Deployment

This template is configured for deployment to Netlify.

See <https://docs.netlify.com/welcome/add-new-site/> to add this project as a site
in your Netlify account.

## Styling

This template comes with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) already configured for a simple default starting experience. You can use whatever CSS framework you prefer.

---

Built with ❤️ using React Router.

Commit message:

docs(readme): link to deployment guide

README.md, after:

# React Router Netlify Template

A modern, production-ready template for building full-stack React applications using React Router,
deployed to Netlify.

## Features

- 🚀 Server-side rendering
- ⚡️ Hot Module Replacement (HMR)
- 📦 Asset bundling and optimization
- 🔄 Data loading and mutations
- 🔒 TypeScript by default
- 🎉 TailwindCSS for styling
- 📖 [React Router docs](https://reactrouter.com/)
- 💻 Configured for deployment to Netlify

## Getting Started

### Installation

Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

Start the development server with HMR:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Your application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Building for Production

Create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
```

## Previewing a Production build

To preview a production build locally, use the [Netlify CLI](https://cli.netlify.com):

```bash
npx netlify-cli serve
```

```bash
npm run build
```

## Deployment

This template is preconfigured for deployment to Netlify.

Follow <https://docs.netlify.com/welcome/add-new-site/> to add this project as a site
in your Netlify account.

## Styling

This template comes with [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) already configured for a simple default starting experience. You can use whatever CSS framework you prefer.

## See also

[Guide: how to deploy a React Router 7 site to Netlify](https://developers.netlify.com/guides/how-to-deploy-a-react-router-7-site-to-netlify/)

---

Built with ❤️ using React Router.
